well let's talk about trust okay was
this your idea how was this born um it
it was kind of the very beginning parts
of it I envisioned it along with my
manager and production company and the
network hopped on board and we kind of
all came up with it together what is it
in a nutshell in a nutshell it is
letters from women across the country
and I I say women but I should say
people because it could be grandparents
grandpas dads men whatever just I just
want to reach out and in response to
these letters visit people get to know
them see what they do in life what their
struggles are what their joys are and
kind of help them out and I mean I
envision it as a very loose concept sort
of a little give back a little see what
you do for a living and just basically I
want to learn and help people where I
can I'm not an expert in any way shape
or form and really anything but I just
want to reach out and connect with
people really Kate Plus eight a lot of
people thought that was coming down the
road and here it is what is it you and
the kids are you gonna be traveling it's
gonna be abroad what is it it's the kids
traveling with me and we're going to
bring to life some of those hopes and
dreams that we had as far as traveling
and it's just going to be good times for
our kids our crew is part of our family
and we're looking forward to reuniting
and getting back together no you told
Billy yesterday that they love that crew
that's part of your family so when mom
told the kids that we're going and
production again what was their reaction
I actually have not told them
no I haven't what they're gonna what's
their reaction going to be oh they're
gonna scream they're just going to
totally scream yeah totally excited
we've been visiting with our crew behind
the scene since we stopped filming so
they have seen parts of them you know
not as a whole over the last couple
months and they're they're going to be
elated
so when does production start and twist
up Cade and all these other things so
Kate Plus 8 soon probably the day after
I leave Dancing with the Stars I would
imagine you just came from rehearsal I
assume today earlier today yes I don't
typically rehearse looking like this but
yeah I showed up at Jay Leno to do Jay
Leno earlier and I was in the shower in
the greenroom and he came knocking on
the door yeah there's a there's a lovely
situation did it turn out ok so have you
doing press for the book you know you're
launching the shows I mean have you had
much rehearsal time are you a little
concerned I mean you were good good this
week but are we worried about that and
next week stands well last week I
learned my dance in two days so I don't
think anything hope nothing could be
worse than that so I'm I'm alright I did
20 seconds of it to music today so
that's that's huge that's big on a
Thursday first of Kate is it's just
basically a in response to the letters
that I've gotten since the beginning of
Jon and Kate Plus eight women send me
letters saying you know that uninspiring
whatever whatever but what I'm reading
in the letters is their stories they go
on and tell me about their life their
struggles the hurdles that they have
faced and I'm gonna go meet some of them
and help them out maybe give them some
time off of work learn some things see
what they do to provide for their kids
and make a living living and I'm gonna
be learning from them they're going to
be learning from being just Kate Plus
eight is exactly that the kids are
excited to be traveling they've been
home for a while now and they love to
travel and see new things and I'm just
really excited that I can get them out
and about learning again and and gain
some more opportunities to see the world
and and learn new stuff they're still
talking about the trips that we did they
talk about them everyday the trips that
we did with Jon and Kate Plus eight so
I'm excited I'm not saying no it's an
80s movie and I'm not really big on
movies but thank god I've seen this one
I can't dance
not professionally but I you know I
guess the Italian they got the rhythm in
me you know I would always walk okay so
unfortunately I'm not in the country all
time but if I'm in the country and I get
reminded and definitely also I'll send
the votes in Pamela Anderson just just
in my own fantasies have you ever seen
me dance no one would ever ask me
hopelessly my children won't even dance
with me just sorry for them that they
have to deal with it in a public setting
I have to be away from them anyway
because John has you know couple days
here in their Engel mom's of eight kids
really after work it was just kind of
boring from letters inadvertently they
end up telling me their story and I want
to respond to some of those stories
because they inspire me are we going to
see a song from an 80s movie